[docs-only] Document running tests using ociswrapper (#6283)
owncloud/ocis: tests/ociswrapper/README.md

## oCIS Wrapper

> A tool to wrap the oCIS binary and provides a way to re-configure the running oCIS instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A tool that wraps the oCIS binary and provides a way to re-configure the running oCIS instance.
```

> A tool to wraps the oCIS binary and provides a way to re-configure the running oCIS instance.

Author: ```suggestion
A tool to wrap the oCIS binary and provides a way to re-configure the running oCIS instance.
```

When run, **ociswrapper** starts an API server that exposes some endpoints to re-configure the oCIS server.

### Usage

> 1. Build

Reviewer 2: `[list-item-indent] Incorrect list-item indent: add 1 space`

   ```bash
   make build
   ```

2. Run

   ```bash

>    ./bin/ociswrapper serve --bin=<path-to-ocis-binary>

Author: Yeah, we can change it to other than `5000`

>    ./bin/ociswrapper serve --bin=<path-to-ocis-binary>

Author: Changed it to `5200`. WIll it be suitable?

>    ./bin/ociswrapper serve --bin=<path-to-ocis-binary>

Reviewer 2: Yes, port 5200 is free. Thanks

<img width="713" alt="image" src="https://github.com/owncloud/ocis/assets/84779829/03b3dbb4-9e0a-4640-8004-ba8f4b3cbb56">

>    ./bin/ociswrapper serve --bin=<path-to-ocis-binary>

Author: I have made some changes in this PR to make it easy to review.
So, I will change the port number in next PR
